D3lt4 Creative Polarity Inverter by Aquanode (aquanode.bandcamp.com, aquanode.gumroad.com)

D3lt4 ("Delta") is a Polarity Inversion / Phase Cancellation Preset for FL Studio's Patcher
Environment inspired by the "Delta" Option in the EQ plugins by oeksound (e.g. Soothe2).
You can do this sort of effect in many ways in FL Studio, but D3lt4 is a very straightforward
way to get this effect and might be the simplest way (in contrast to mixer send track routing).

D3lt4 linearly inverts the Polarity of a dry signal (one without effects) which is
routed in parallel to a wet signal (one where you can add your effect plugins, however you like).
This enables you to hear only the changes you introduce into a sound by your effects, no matter
if your effect (or effect chain) comes with a Dry/Wet Option or not.

For example, you can use an Equalizer with a narrow peak band added and then only hear that
peak with D3lt4 turned on, whereas you would still hear the original sound with a louder peak
without D3lt4. Thus, D3lt4 is very useful for sound design where EQs, spectral EQs, Phasers, Chorus,
Flangers, Granular Fx, Random FX, Pitch Shifters, Compressors and so on are used to hear only
the differences between affected and unaffected sound. Delays and Reverbs usually have the features
that D3lt4 is capable of already built in, but they can rarely be routed arbitrarily like D3lt4.

D3lt4 comes in two versions which only have a simple difference but that might be relevant 
depending on the type of effect you use:
- the PASSIVE version is the one you usually need. 
- the ACTIVE version needs your effect to have a 0% dry value option. This usually would mean that
  you do not need D3lt4 since the plugin already has something like polarity cancelling built in, 
  but as you can see in my Preset Project D3lt4 then still is able to keep polarity cancelling during
  fade in and fade outs of your effect (e.g. a Reverb Tail that would otherwise get cut off).

By default D3lt4 is loaded with my own bandpass modulator preset you can also find on my gumroad page.

How to use:
- Add D3lt4 (PASSIVE version) to a mixer track. 
- Dial in amount of polarity cancellation and FX volume you want.
- Go to the mapping tab and find the "FX PATCHER" Object. Here you can design your own FX chains
  including all FL Studio Plugins as well as the VSTs you use using the node based structure provided
  by FL Studio's patcher. You can drag and drop FX Vsts you already have in the mixer track into the
  Patcher environment by right clicking on the vst, hover over "save preset as", then click/drag/drop.

Thank you for using my preset, I hope this makes things easier for you!

