Aquanode Resonators: 
Replicating the Ableton Resonators / Rezonator by Xynth Audio Effect Plugins
by adapting the Fruity Flanger Resonator Setting by Nucleon / Youlean.

My version also allows individual inverting, decay time and stereo width setting per Reso-
nator, which the other versions only allow globally for all Resonators.

All versions below V5 should work in the Producer Version of FL Studio.
Version 3 requires at least FL Studio 24, for Version 2.2 or below
FL Studio Version 21 or maybe even lower should be fine.
Version 5 requires the Pitch Shifter in FL Studio (part of the All Plugins Bundle Version).

Version 1:
Crude Experimental Version, trying to get a single closed form solution
for converting Knob Values of the Resonators to Note Millisecond values
in the Flanger using Rounding Functions or Exponential Functions since
the Ratio between two notes in 12 note equal Temperament should be the same.
This version is not exact enough though, since the Fruity Flanger has limited 
millisecond precision - not all millisecond values are accessible in the 
Fruity Flanger Millisecond Delay knob precision.

Version 2.1:
The simplest "accurate" Version, only the Resonators and EQ in Version 2.1 for low CPU usage.

Version 2.2:
Version 2.1 + added Multi FX unit (Delay, Reverb, Chorus, Flanger, Phaser).

Version 3:
Added Stereorizers to emulate Resonator Width Control from Ableton's Resonators.
Relatively high CPU usage but "the full package".

Version 4.1:
Added Panning Knobs for all Resonators and a "through" knob, that defines how much of the 
Incoming Audio Signals go through the Resonators. This is different from the Volume or
Damping knobs, since turning down Through while the Resonators are still resonating
means that no new signals reaches them but they still resonate out instead of getting quiet 
(which would be the case when turning down the Volume knob).

Version 4.2:
Added Dry Knob since the Through Knob blocks the Dry Signal when turned off. With the Dry
Knob, the Wet Signal is now independent. With this you can freely stop the dry and wet signal
from coming through individually.

Version 5:
Added Fine Pitch Sliders to detune the Resonators slightly up to 1 semitone up or down.
For simplicity I used FL Studio's Pitch Shifter for this since doing this in the Flanger
Plugin itself (which generates the Resonator sound) would in my understanding require me
to set up another huge formula for limiting the range of detuning depending on the Resonator
Note setting. The reason for this is that the Fruity Formula Controllers do not remember
relative settings. Since I got some space in the GUI after adding the Sliders I added
a frequency shifter effect knob, which sounds especially nice with Reverb on.
The Pitch Shifter might introduce some artifacts in the sound though.

2024, designed by Aquanode using stock FL Studio Effects and the General idea from
Nucleon / Youlean from the Resonator Patcher Preset, which relies on MIDI Out Channels
unlike my 'standalone' Version.